hey this is my video on this 1979 Ford
Thunderbird we'll just have a walk
around the car it's in original
condition as you can see the paint is
pretty faded you'd certainly expect that
on a car that's 35 years old otherwise
it's a very straight car a couple of
minor little dimples along the side if
you can see them the video but otherwise
this cars very clean and straight it's a
good honest car
they're the original wheels supposed to
have center caps as a couple inside but
there are a couple missing it's a little
dent there you see that yeah that's
about the biggest in on the car I think
pretty straight
very little rust in this car was a
California car from out in the desert
near Palm Springs
I think it's still too much rain in its
life I will have a look in the boot
all righty
he's a bit of a clean but look you can
see no rust that's actually dusty there
that's how dry it is it's the same
underneath the other sides the same a
little bit of rust in the boot lid you
just see it there otherwise pretty
straight that's an easy repair all the
lines of the gaps of good Joey on the
other side
the hopefully you can read that seat sir
not too bad pretty good actually
just stitching's just starting to split
there on the front driver's seat will be
a big repair if you wanted to do it
hood linings just come away and the
stitching in the front there but the
rest of its really quite good
you have the repair that is not foam
backed cloth it's actually a vinyl hood
lining that's stitched on back seats and
lovely condition as you can see usually
are on most cars get as much use
even the back of the seats a good kind
of a bonnet
three five one v8 engine runs
beautifully we'll start it up in a
moment it's just been serviced we've
done the engine oil the oil filter air
filter spark plugs power steering fluid
also pulled the pan off the transmission
new filter in that as well as change the
oil of course radiator coolant was
drained and replaced all in good Nick no
leaks if anything it's nice and clean
and we'll just start it up now starts
right up models night
give it a little Rev go around the back
leave it running and have a list of it
exist
running the attendant
got a nice sound to it
we'll do the headlights do the
headlights as vacuum headlights they
work beautifully as you can see when do
them again nice and smooth nice and
consistent she's a good car and it got
some nice options you know power
steering air conditioning cruise control
two automatic transmissions and FMX good
car wouldn't take too much work to get
her off to looking sharp again all
righty
that's the end of my video if you've got
any questions my name's mark and you can
call me on zero four three eight one one
three six three two if you'd like to
inspect it or if you do have any
questions car's located in Brisbane yeah
all righty
thanks for watching